Chore/updateirma (#5071)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/applications/enable-app-reg.md

### Differences between runtime groups

The `konnect-application-auth` plugin is used to manage access control and API key authentication for app registration and replaces the need for the `acl` and `key-auth` plugins. It is used in every non-`default` runtime group. `konnect-application-auth`plugin does not connect applications to `consumers`. Therefore the application created through the app registration process in any non-`default` runtime group will not support rate-limiting plugins. 

In the `default` runtime group, applications are still linked to Kong Gateway `consumers` and use the `acl` plugin to control access between an application’s `consumers` and a service version.

### Known limitations

> `konnect-application-auth` plugin only supports {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0+. If you need to use a version of {{site.base_gateway}}less than 3.0, you must create your service version in the `default` runtime group. This configuration is deprecated. It is recommended to upgrade your runtime instances to Kong {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.0+ to ensure future compatibility with the `konnect-application-auth` plugin, which has a built-in replacement for the `acl` plugin. 
> 
> `konnect-application-auth` plugin does not connect applications to `consumers`. Therefore the application created through the app registration process in any non default runtime group will not support rate-limiting plugins at this moment. We will provide a resolution to address this gap soon.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The internal `konnect-application-auth` plugin only supports {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0+. If you need to use a version of {{site.base_gateway}} before 3.0, you must create your service version in the `default` runtime group, which still supports consumer mapping with the `acl` plugin.

The `konnect-application-auth` plugin does not connect applications to {{site.base_gateway}} consumers. Therefore, any applications created through the app registration process in any non-default runtime group currently don't support rate limiting plugins. This will be addressed in a future release.

If you don't use any rate limiting plugins, we recommend upgrading your runtime instances to {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.0+ to ensure future compatibility with the `konnect-application-auth` plugin, which has a built-in replacement for the `acl` plugin.
```
Rewriting and reordering this info for better logical flow.

> {:.note}
> > **Note:** If you are not in the `default` runtime group, consumer-based plugins, like rate-limiting, are not compatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This note is no longer needed, since the known limitations section addresses this info.
